Update SupportEngineerRole.md (#361)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/SupportEngineerRole.md

* **Update #ios and #ios-usa-support Slack channels topics** The topics should be updated with the iOS Engineers in support for the current day. This update should be done first thing in the morning.
* **Be available to answer any requests posted in the #ios and #ios-usa-support.** The engineer can either solve the request or delegate to someone who might know how to solve it.
* **Pick up tickets from the iOS Platform backlog.** These are tickets that don't have any Squad as an owner and still need to be fixed, or ones for which the Platform team might need some help with.

>    * Use this [Kanban board](https://babylonpartners.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1100&projectKey=IOSP) to see the list of pending BAU tickets

Reviewer: Is this link working? I can't seem to get to the board. Says "Board not found".

Author: It is, yeah. If you can't see it it's probably related to access rights then 🤔  Let's investigate that in Slack

Reviewer 2: +1 used to have access but I get the error too

Author: @sdaniel55 @j531 Ok I think I found the culprit, updated the JIRA board's filter yesterday and it seems the filter was private which suddenly made the whole board itself private.

I should have fixed it now, can you retry?

Reviewer 2: @AliSoftware works now 🎉

Author: Cool 🎉 
Thanks for testing the link in the first place guys, could easily have stayed unnoticed 😓 (yay JIRA's terrible UX… 😄)

>    * Use this [Kanban board](https://babylonpartners.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1100&projectKey=IOSP) to see the list of pending BAU tickets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Use this [Kanban board](https://babylonpartners.atlassian.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=1100&projectKey=IOSP) to see the list of pending BAU tickets.
```

>    * But first, ping the platform team directly on Slack to check with them if there is any urgent/blocker ticket that could use some help and would take priority

Reviewer: Worth including the platform channel name?

Author: The platform squad channel itself is private, we'll have to find an appropriate public channel for those. Given that I am currently the only eng in that squad people can DM me directly, otherwise #mobile-tooling might be the closest fit, and fallback would be #ios-underground
Sounds good?

Reviewer: Sounds good 👍

>    * But first, ping the platform team directly on Slack to check with them if there is any urgent/blocker ticket that could use some help and would take priority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * But first, ping the platform team directly on Slack to check with them if there is any urgent/blocker ticket that could use some help and would take priority.
```

>    * At the end of your shift, be sure to post your progress on the ticket, for the next engineeer to pick up, and inform them of any outstanding work.

Reviewer 2: Where should we post support updates? In `#ios`?

Author: Mmmmh might need better phrasing as I see the wording ambiguity now…
The sentence was meant to say "post it as a comment on the ticket in JIRA"

Reviewer 2: I've seen updates on Slack, my bad 🙈

Author: Well _additionally_ posting it on Slack can actually be a good idea 👍  (always better to over-communicate than under-communicate #transparency 😉). But that should not prevent the update to be posted on the ticket in any case, which should remain the reference point for gathering any info about the task to be done 🙂

Author: ```suggestion
   * At the end of your shift, be sure to post your progress on the task as a comment on the JIRA ticket, for the next engineer to pick up, and inform them of any outstanding work. Optionally, feel free to also post updates in Slack too as a FYI to the whole team
```
@sdaniel55 clearer?

Reviewer 2: Yep, it's clearer this way :) Thanks 💖

Author: Not sure why I can't click on the "Add suggestion to batch" on my previous comment (while I can for other suggestions on this page), so trying again here

```suggestion
   * At the end of your shift, be sure to post your progress on the task by adding a comment on the JIRA ticket, for the next engineer to pick up, and inform them of any outstanding work. Optionally, feel free to also post updates in Slack too as a FYI to the whole team
```
